Update opnsense.markdown to include workaround for OPNSense 25.7 URL … (#40476)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/opnsense.markdown

- GUI Name: Diagnostics: ARP Table
- GUI Name: Diagnostics: Network Insight

> > Note: OPNSense versions 25.7 and later require All Pages privilege to be granted to the API user account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% important %}
OPNSense versions 25.7 and later require All Pages privilege to be granted to the API user account.
{% endimportant %}
```
